---
layout: post
title:  "Trying to live"
date:   2020-08-30 19:05:00 +0545
last_edited_on:   2020-08-30 19:30:00 +0545
categories: writing
tags: life death absurdity
subtitle: "Trying to live among absurdities of life and death."
comments: true
header-img: "img/post-headers/2020-08-26-lonely.jpg"
image: "img/post-headers/2020-08-26-lonely.jpg"
bigimg: "img/post-headers/2020-08-26-lonely.jpg"
---


I am weirdly trenched in my solitude. Not contacting anyone. Just lost in my own bubble.  

A few weeks back my parents had a big fight. Not sure why. I didn't care enough to interrupt their adult lives.  

In the whirlpool of rage, sadness and dissatisfaction, I told my father that I'd want to live independently for sometime. I think I have lived long enough with family but can't quite get connected to anyone.    


I know Love is a big, weird and vague word. Sometimes I feel sorry for myself to not showing feelings or empathizing when my mom rants about how I am always tied in front of the screen.    

But that's the story for some other time.  

Out of that rage, I went out of the house, overlooking all these COVID-19 situations.  

I walked to Patan. Got myself hooked into my adda; a sublime and dark place painted with yellow lights.  

Strangely enough, I was exhausted because of the long walk. Sun sucked out a lot of my fucking energy.  

And there was I having puffs of cigarettes after a very long time. It helped me a lot I guess.  

I was sure I wouldn't smoke for sometime. But nothing helps.  
I have noone to talk to about these things. Emotions are locked among these words...which I guess are turning into abstractions of their own. Perhaps, the normal **Sishyphian life** is good than having nothing.

I thought of every possible situation my life could stream into. And yet...here I am trying to make sense of all the absurdities.  

Trying to live.  

If **life** didn't matter...I'd have simply taken my life a long time ago. But there's this strong force within me to live. To not give a shit about anything...and live my life..  
To comfort myself. The creatures in my mind-cave are there. They have accepted me. And so do I.

If you ask me: **why even push yourself?**.

> *I don't know*. I am just another dot in a dot.

As I write these words under the yellow light, I find myself constantly thinking of **death**.  
The colors are hazy. The world seems gray. And my emotions fluctuate among thhose mysterious shades. Nevertheless, it's better than being in the dark completely...    


Perhaps, **Death does give a profound meaning to life itself.**

(*Weirdly enough, I am slowly turning into a disconnected "entity" again. Perhaps, I am overthinking too much...*)
