---
layout: post
title:  "Wish I wasn't lonely"
date:   2020-08-26 19:23:00 +0545
last_edited_on:   2020-08-26 20:00:00 +0545
categories: poetry
tags: poetry loneliness
subtitle: "I wish I wasn't so lonelyLike these words on my palmDesperate to grasp something out thereFlickering behind those feelingsStuck on the ceiling, like a heartbeatSuspended in an eternal confusion."
comments: true
header-img: "img/post-headers/2020-08-26-lonely.jpg"
image: "img/post-headers/2020-08-26-lonely.jpg"
bigimg: "img/post-headers/2020-08-26-lonely.jpg"
---

[Deviant Art link](https://www.deviantart.com/nishparadox/art/Wish-I-wasn-t-lonely-853227125?ga_submit_new=10%3A1598454977)

---


I wish I wasn't so lonely  
Like these words on my palm  
Desperate to grasp something out there  
Flickering behind those feelings  
Stuck on the ceiling, like a heartbeat  
Suspended in an eternal confusion.  


I wish I wasn't so lonely  
Like an ephemeral dream I forgot to capture  
With words waking me up from mind eruption  
  
  
The clock strikes 2 am in the morning  
And a lonely playlist just sits there right beside me  
A lonely playlist has a lonely song  
A lonely song speaks to me in the language I can touch:  
***"Hey you. Yes you lonely heart!***  
***I am not that lonely like you***  
***For a group of alphabets surround me."***  
  
  
To which a lonely neuron in my brain replies:  
***"Yes, my dear word.***  
***It's just a game***  
***For you won't matter if I am not here"***  
  
  
To which the alphabet **P** replies:  
***"Pretentious. Pompous. Precarious.***  
***Pineapples Please! Pumpkin-pies.***  
***Parrots play..."***  
  
  
To which the letter **C** agrees:    
***"Couldn't care, you crying carcass!"***  
  
  
Just when the lonely heartbeat ends the discussion:  
  
***"You lonely things.***  
***You are beautifully juxtaposed with my vibration.***  
***A pulse dies, you die too***  
***Salvation."***  
  
  
A ***Silence*** complies.  
  
No-one speaks.  
  
**Emptiness** bashes in:  
"***Broken bones, unsatisfied dreams***  
***Crooked nose, my breath screams***  
***Like these feelings stuck on the ceiling"***  
  
  
Another ***Silence*** shoots a lonely heart.  
12 am someday.  
Yet another lonely playlist.  
And beautiful guitar melodies.  
In lonely hours,  
I think again about my loneliness and ask to my heart:  
***"Dear heart!***  
***How are you holding up?"***  
  
  
To which the letter **P** adds:  
***"Pitiful. Pathetic. Don't act tough"***  
  
  
The **heart** sits there, thinking  
Thinking. Thinking. Pulsing.  
  
  
Meanwhile, a group of 7 alphabets surround another **Silence.**  
The letter **S** smirks:  
***"Sup...!"***  
  
  
The letter **L** gazes back:  
***"Love is the answer"***  
  
  
**N** sits there looking at the **Silence**:  
***"Nothing... :) "***  
  
  
Finally, the **Heart** replies:  
***"It's a bit lonely out here.***  
***Thanks for the companionship dear.***  
***Sometimes rough.***  
***Sometimes tough.***  
***But it's just***  
***'right' enough"***  
  
  
The **Heart** gives an enchanting gaze to me and adds:  
***"Weren't you lonely?"***  
  
  
12:01 am.  
Just as when the guitar solo has its final show-off,  
The **Emptiness,** the **Silence** and the **Heart** shelter on my lap.  
I tap them on their head  
Put them on the bed  
Whisper quietly:  
  
***"Yes. Yes I am****."*  
